JOHN YANG: Good evening.
I'm John Yang.
Judy Woodruff is away.
On the "NewsHour" tonight:
another stunning
revelation.
The New York Times reports that
President
Trump asked James Comey directly
to shut down
the FBI's investigation into
Michael Flynn.
That's according to memos kept
by the former
FBI director.
Then:
H.R. MCMASTER, U.S. National
Security Adviser:
The president wasn't even aware
of where this
information came from.
He wasn't briefed on the sources
or method
of the information either.
JOHN YANG: Shooting from the
hip.
President Trump's reported
disclosure of sensitive
intelligence to Russian
diplomats in the Oval
Office sparks a firestorm of
questions and
calls by lawmakers for a full
transcript of
the meeting.
Plus: Amid growing tensions,
Turkey's leader
visits the White House after
clashing over
the U.S. decision to arm Kurdish
fighters
in Syria.
And rethinking school bus safety
-- how some
states are trying to protect
millions of students
on their rides every day.
MARK ROSEKIND, Former
Administrator, National
Highway Traffic Safety
Administration: Three-point
seat belts should be the norm on
all new school
buses, because we're talking
about trying
to save every life.
JOHN YANG: All that and more on
tonight's
"PBS NewsHour."
(BREAK)
JOHN YANG: We begin tonight with
a report
that President Trump urged
then-FBI Director
James Comey to drop the
investigation of one
of his campaign aides'
connections to Russia.
The New York Times reports that,
at a February
meeting, Mr. Trump told Comey,
"I hope you
can let this go."
It came the day after the
president fired
National Security Adviser
Michael Flynn for
lying about his contacts with
the Russians.
The president fired Comey last
week.
In response, the White House
says that the
report is "not a truthful or
accurate portrayal
of the conversation" and that
the president
never asked anyone to end any
investigation.
For more, we turn now to Matt
Apuzzo of The
Times.
Matt, thanks for joining us.
Tell me what the significance of
this memo
is.
MATT APUZZO, The New York Times:
Well, the
significance of the memo, of
course, is just
not -- you know, just last week,
the president
fired Jim Comey, the FBI
director, and the
stories kept changing.
And one of the back-and-forths
has been, there
was this conversation between
Comey and the
president in which the president
said, "I
want your loyalty."
And Comey wouldn't give him his
loyalty.
And then the question became,
well, is that
why he got fired?
And you will remember that the
president tweeted
out, oh, Jim Comey better hope
there's not
tapes of our conversations.
Well, it turns out Jim Comey was
keeping memos
and was keeping contemporaneous
notes on every
interaction he had with the
president and
was becoming very concerned
about some of
those interactions and sought to
document
those going forward.
JOHN YANG: And he showed these
to colleagues
at the time, right?
MATT APUZZO: He showed them to
colleagues.
He provided them with copies.
And, you know, my colleague Mike
Schmidt,
who was the primary reporter on
this story,
talked to people who had seen
the memos.
That quote you read was read to
us.
This is -- this is something --
this is a
real -- this is a real dramatic
turn in this
story about, why did Donald
Trump fire Jim
Comey, and what is Donald Trump
attempting
to do in terms of influencing
the investigation
into his campaign and his
associates?
JOHN YANG: Matt, tell us more
about the specific
meeting that you wrote -- that
is written
about The Times, just the story
that was posted
just a little bit OK?
MATT APUZZO: Yes, we know it's a
February
14 meeting, a private meting
between the president
and the FBI director, Jim Comey.
And, in it, the president
mentions how concerned
he is about leaks and actually
makes this
remark that, maybe we need to
throw a couple
of reporters in jail anyone to
sort of send
a message.
And then they -- the president
brings up Michael
Flynn and says, look, I think
he's a really
good guy.
And if you can see your way
clear about it,
just let this go.
Let Michael Flynn go.
He's a good man.
Now, Comey went back,
apparently, and documented
that conversation.
And one thing that's interesting
about Comey
is, 10 years ago, Comey was at
the center
of another major issue where he
described
this dramatic showdown with the
Bush administration
over warrantless wiretapping.
And the White House denied that
conversation.
And it turned out that it was
the FBI director
at the time, Bob Mueller, kept
his contemporaneous
notes, and that backed up
Comey's account.
So, in a lot of ways, this is
what's old is
new again.
The FBI director was keeping
contemporaneous
notes on his conversations with
the president.
JOHN YANG: And not just this
conversation,
Matt.
Do we think he kept these notes
throughout
his conversations with the
president?
MATT APUZZO: Our understanding
is, he documented
every interaction, every meeting
and every
phone call with the president
and, on a number
of occasions, expressed concerns
about the
about the emerging relationship
between the
White House and the FBI
director.
Remember, the FBI director is
normally kind
of an arms-length relationship
with the White
House for precisely this reason,
because,
sometimes, you know, the FBI can
be investigating
things that are politically
problematic for
the White House.
JOHN YANG: Matt Apuzzo, as you
say, this could
be a dramatic turning point in
this relationship
and what is going on between the
two men,
between President Trump and
James Comey.
Thanks for joining us.
MATT APUZZO: Great to be here.
Thanks so much.
JOHN YANG: And, meanwhile, the
White House
is also standing its ground
tonight in the
other uproar swirling around
President Trump
today.
At issue in that case,
allegations that he
passed along classified
intelligence from
another nation to the Russians.
William Brangham begins our
coverage.
H.R. MCMASTER, U.S. National
Security Adviser:
What the president discussed
with the foreign
minister was wholly appropriate
to that conversation,
and is consistent with the
routine sharing
of information.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: National
Security Adviser
H.R. McMaster used that phrase,
"wholly appropriate,"
nine times today, as he pushed
back against
reports that President Trump
made a damaging
disclosure to Russian diplomats
last week.
The storm began Monday evening,
first in The
Washington Post, and quickly
followed by other
major news organizations.
All reported that President
Trump told the
Russian foreign minister and
Russian ambassador
about highly classified
information given
to the U.S. by an ally in the
Middle East,
but without that ally's
permission.
It pertained to an Islamic State
plot based
in Syria that involved laptops
on airplanes.
The New York Times reported
today that Israel
was the source of that
information, though
Israeli officials wouldn't
confirm it.
QUESTION: Mr. President, did you
share classified
intelligence information with
the Russians?
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: The president
himself ignored
questions today as he met with
Turkey's president,
Recep Tayyip Erdogan, in the
Oval Office.
Later, though, he said this:
DONALD TRUMP, President of the
United States:
Well, we had a very, very
successful meeting
with the foreign minister of
Russia.
Our fight is against ISIS, as
General McMaster
said.
And we want to get as many to
help fight terrorism
as possible.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: That followed
a series of
tweets this morning, saying: "As
president,
I wanted to share with Russia,
which I have
the absolute right to do, facts
pertaining
to terrorism and airline flight
safety."
Last night, as the initial
shockwaves over
this alleged revelation spread
through Washington,
McMaster appeared outside the
White House.
H.R. MCMASTER: The story that
came out tonight,
as reported, is false.
At no time, at no time were
intelligent sources
or methods discussed.
And the president didn't
disclose any military
operations that were not already
publicly
known.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: But none of
the news accounts
had alleged that the president
revealed sources
or methods or military
operations.
Today, McMaster was asked to
respond directly
to what the reports did say,
that the president
revealed highly classified
intelligence to
an American adversary, Russia.
McMaster didn't deny that, but
he did elaborate
just a bit.
H.R. MCMASTER: That the
president wasn't even
aware of where this information
came from.
He wasn't briefed on the source
or method
of the information either.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: In Moscow,
Kremlin spokesman
Dmitry Peskov dismissed the
story.
DMITRY PESKOV, Spokesman for
Vladimir Putin
(through translator): It's
complete nonsense,
not a subject to be denied or
confirmed.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: But the
episode raised fears
about how U.S. allies might
react.
One European official told the
Associated
Press that his country may stop
sharing intelligence
with Washington.
The revelations also rippled
through Congress,
on the heels of the president's
firing of
FBI Director James Comey.
Republican Senator and Chair of
the Foreign
Relations Committee Bob Corker
said the White
House is in "a downward spiral
right now,
and have got to figure out a way
to come to
grips with all that's
happening."
Senate Majority Leader Mitch
McConnell complained
of yet another distraction from
what Republicans
want to talk about.
SEN.
MITCH MCCONNELL (R-KY), Majority
Leader: I
think it would be helpful to
have less drama
emanating from the White House.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: As for
Democrats, Senate
Minority Leader Chuck Schumer
demanded the
White House release the full
record of the
Oval Office meeting with the
Russian diplomats.
SEN.
CHUCK SCHUMER (D-NY), Minority
Leader: Until
the administration provides the
unedited transcript,
until the administration fully
explains the
facts of this case, the American
people will
rightly doubt if their president
can handle
our nations most closely kept
secrets.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: With the White
House in
damage control mode, CIA
Director Mike Pompeo
went to the Capitol this evening
to brief
the House Intelligence
Committee.
For the "PBS NewsHour," I'm
William Brangham.
JOHN YANG: For more on this
story, we are
joined by the "NewsHour"'s Lisa
Desjardins
on Capitol Hill, and Olivier
Knox, chief Washington
correspondent for Yahoo!
News.
Olivier, let me start with you
at the White
House.
We now have this report from The
New York
Times about the Comey memo.
This is sort of the third crisis
that the
White House has tried to deal
with in the
past two weeks.
How did they do today on the --
on the report
about the intelligence being
shared in the
Oval Office with the Russians?
How did they -- how did they
fare with that?
®MD-BO /OLIVIER KNOX, Yahoo!
News: Well, I think you have to
notice that
their story is evolving a little
bit.
H.R. McMaster, the president's
national security
adviser, came out and said, it's
false.
As your reporter pointed out, he
denied things
that were not actually in the
original bombshell
Washington Post report.
Today, they pivoted, though.
And now it's not, it's false and
trying to
draw attention away from it.
It's, well, maybe it happened,
but it was
entirely appropriate.
And that's a notable shift in
the rhetoric.
JOHN YANG: And, Lisa, I
understand you have
got some reporting on this Comey
report.
LISA DESJARDINS: That's right.
Senators were just finding out
about this
report as they were voting for a
nomination.
And I talked to Senate
Intelligence Chairman
Richard Burr.
He said he had been told about
this by Senator
John McCain.
And when we went through The New
York Times
report with him, he told us: I
believe that
Director Comey might have told
us if a request
like that from the president had
been made.
And Burr said, it was never
mentioned.
John, essentially, the
intelligence chairman
is questioning The New York
Times report,
saying he thinks Comey would
have brought
that up.
He also said that he believes
the onus is
on The New York Times to present
this memo,
not just have someone read from
it.
He went even further, John,
further, and said
that he thinks there is a very
legitimate
question, in his mind, as to
whether someone
out there in the intelligence
community or
elsewhere is trying to undermine
the president.
That's one of the strongest
reactions we have
had in the president's favor on
Capitol Hill
today.
JOHN YANG: And beginning to
question the intelligence
community.
Olivier, all this is happening
as President
Trump is about to leave on his
first overseas
trip.
How do you think this is going
to affect the
trip?
OLIVIER KNOX: Well, you know,
they were already
pretty much -- pretty stressed
out about this
trip.
It's his first foreign trip.
It's big.
It's high-stakes.
It's high-profile, you know,
Riyadh, and Israel,
and the Vatican, and NATO, and a
group of
rich countries.
I don't know how much it's going
to affect
the trip, except that, if
there's a drip,
drip, drip of revelations, which
certainly
The New York Times suggests,
given that Comey
documented every think
interaction he had
with the president, that's
certainly a possibility,
I think you have to just look at
H.R. McMaster's
briefing today, which was
originally designed
as a briefing about the trip.
He read us roughly the schedule,
but then
-- with questions about the
intelligence.
And so it's going to be a pretty
big distraction,
I think, from what the
president's -- president
wants the agenda to be.
JOHN YANG: Lisa, very quickly,
Senate Majority
Leader Mitch McConnell today
said he wanted
a little less drama, a little
less -- more
focus on the agenda.
Is this getting in the way?
LISA DESJARDINS: It is a
distraction.
Republicans tell you that across
the board.
They are still hoping to get a
health care
plan out of the Senate as early
as July, but,
more and more, John, people say
that's optimistic.
They're now talking about
August, September
for health care and tax reform.
JOHN YANG: Lisa Desjardins on
Capitol Hill,
Olivier Knox of Yahoo!
News at the White House, thank
you both.
JOHN YANG: And let's keep our
focus on Capitol
Hill and to Republican Senator
James Risch
of Idaho.
He's a member of the Senate
Intelligence Committee
and the Senate Foreign Affairs
Committee.
I spoke with him earlier this
evening, just
as the story on the Comey memo
broke.
Senator Risch, welcome.
I want to begin by asking you
about a story
that The New York Times has just
posted about
a memo, a contemporaneous memo
that former
FBI Director James Comey wrote
after a meeting
with the president on the day
that Michael
Flynn resigned as national
security adviser.
He quotes the president as
asking him to let
the investigation into Flynn go:
"I hope you
can see your way clear to
letting this go,
to letting Flynn go."
He interprets it, Mr. Comey
interprets it
as asking for an FBI
investigation not to
go forward.
Do you have any reaction to
this?
SEN.
JAMES RISCH (R), Idaho: Haven't
seen it.
Don't know anything about it.
Haven't read it.
And before I comment on it, I
want a lot more
-- I would want to know a lot
more about it
than what I do.
But thanks for asking.
JOHN YANG: I understand.
So, let's move on to the news,
the other news
of the day, the allegations or
the suggestion
that President Trump gave --
shared this classified
information with the Russian
officials in
the Oval Office.
Are you satisfied with the White
House explanation?
Or do you have any other further
questions?
SEN.
JAMES RISCH: Oh, I don't really
need the White
House explanation on this.
There is only one person on the
planet who
can make the decision whether to
declassify
something and whether to talk to
someone outside
of those of us that are cleared
with the security,
and that's the president of the
United States.
If, indeed, it was on the
subject that -- and
I'm neither going to confirm or
deny that
it was -- but it was on the
subject of airliner
safety, I believe the president,
obviously,
had the legal authority to do
it.
He can declassify at any time.
But, secondly, I think he has an
obligation
under his oath as president of
the United
States, when he in his judgment
determines
it's in the best interests of
the people of
the United States, to declassify
something
and do it.
The national media has treated
this story
as if this was a one-off, like
this never
happens.
Look, the president of the
United States deals
every day with heads of other
countries, with
high-level people of other
countries.
And he constantly discusses
classified information
with them.
Not only can he do that.
He should do that, because we
exchange classified
information with almost every
country on the
face of the Earth, with the
exception of a
couple of them.
And we -- even ones that we're
not particularly
friendly with, we do have
overlapping interests
in things like airline safety.
And so if, indeed, that was the
subject, and
that's what's been reported, he
should be
commended for that.
The real story here is, there's
a weasel here.
And that is the person who
reported about
this conversation.
This is a person who is a
traitor.
They betrayed their own country.
They betrayed their families and
their neighbors.
And when you disclose classified
information,
classified conversations that
you have access
to, it is an act of treason.
It's unfortunate we can't get
that person
identified.
But he or she should be held to
answer for
that and treated as any
treasonous person
would be.
JOHN YANG: Senator, you say that
the president
can declassify any information,
any classified
information.
I understand that's true for
U.S. intelligence
products.
But this was an intelligence --
intelligence
developed by another country.
Can he also declassify material
given by another
country's intelligence service?
SEN.
JAMES RISCH: Of course.
We don't even have laws that
cover classified
information from another
country.
People could talk about that
wherever they
want to.
You don't generally do that.
You treat like it all other
classified information.
But the president of the United
States is
fully entitled to discuss this
with the people
he sees fit to do it.
JOHN YANG: Senator, you're
chairman of the
subcommittee -- Senate Foreign
Affairs Subcommittee
on the Near East.
SEN.
JAMES RISCH: I am.
(CROSSTALK)
JOHN YANG: The reports are that
this information
product came from Israel.
Does it give you any concern or
any pause
that this was given to Russia,
an ally of
Iran, which Israel sees as an
existential
threat?
SEN.
JAMES RISCH: Yes, well, first of
all, like
I said, if it was what's been
reported on,
that is airline safety, it would
have nothing
to do with the relationship
between Iran and
ISIS and Hezbollah and all that
sort of thing.
But my position is exactly the
same as the
Israeli ambassador, who was
asked about this
early today and said this will
have absolutely
no effect on the great
cooperation between
the security and intelligence
agencies of
the United States of America and
Israel.
We have been very close.
We're going to continue to be
very close.
We have concurrent interests.
And, look, there's been other
times where
there have been embarrassing
lapses and disclosures,
and we have worked around it.
And that's not uncommon in these
kinds of
things.
JOHN YANG: And even though the
president said
-- or the president's spokesmen
have said
that the president did not
discuss methods
and sources...
SEN.
JAMES RISCH: Right.
JOHN YANG: ... is there a
concern that there
was enough information in what
the president
said that the Russians could
figure out the
methods and sources and put that
source at
risk?
SEN.
JAMES RISCH: Almost never are
methods and
sources disclosed, unless there
is a reason
to do that, such as an asset
would be at risk
or someone's life is at risk.
So, it wouldn't be unusual that
the president
did or didn't know what the
methods and sources
were.
It's just -- it's part of this
anti-Trump
fervor that the national media
has to try
to make him look bad every time
he turns around.
This was a good act that he did,
not a bad
act that he did.
But there was a bad act done
here.
Somebody ought to go to the --
to the people
who printed this and say, look,
you're an
American.
I'm an American.
Tell us who did this, so we can
put them in
jail.
JOHN YANG: Senator James Risch
of the Senate
Intelligence Committee, thanks
so much for
joining us.
SEN.
JAMES RISCH: Thank you, John.
JOHN YANG: Now for some insights
on this apparent
disclosure, and the wider
effects on
intelligence-gathering
and sharing, I'm joined by two
men with deep
knowledge of the U.S.
intelligence community
and the partnerships it relies
upon.
James Woolsey served as director
of the CIA
from early 1993 until January
1995.
He was an adviser to President
Trump's campaign
last year.
And Andrew Exum, he was former
deputy assistant
secretary of defense for Middle
East policy
in the Obama administration.
He's also a former Army Ranger.
Mr. Woolsey, let me start with
you.
You heard Senator Risch say this
was a good
thing the president did, not a
bad thing.
Do you agree?
JAMES WOOLSEY, Former CIA
Director: Well,
it depends on whether the
information gets
out and damages our -- either
our relations
with another country or our
ability to keep
sources and methods held very
closely.
It may be that it will not cause
a major difficulty.
But I think giving anything away
to the Russians
is something that has to pass
about half-a-dozen
levels of scrutiny.
And that's the real problem
here.
Unlike President Reagan, who was
faced with
declassification decisions on
the aircraft
that was shot down, the Russian
aircraft,
and so forth, here, we have just
turned it
loose, and to the Russians.
And that ought to have been
preceded by a
day or two anyway of high-level
discussions
among top-level officials to
make sure we
knew exactly what we were
turning loose and
exactly why.
JOHN YANG: Andrew, what's your
take on this?
ANDREW EXUM, Former U.S. Deputy
Assistant
Secretary of Defense: Well, no,
that's exactly
right.
With all due respect to the
senator from Idaho,
any time -- and, look, I just
came out of
government service at the
Pentagon.
I know how frustrating leaks can
be, but any
time someone says the real
problem is the
media or leaks, they're usually
trying to
defend the indefensible.
And the problem here is that I
don't think
the American people realize how
much of our
intelligence is actually derived
from our
partners.
If our partners cannot feel or
do not trust
that our president will not
divulge that information
to, I mean, goodness gracious,
the Russians
in this case, then that could
create real
problems for us going forward.
So, I completely agree with
everything that
Director Woolsey said.
I think that this is a broader
problem, regardless
of how bad the actual leak was.
JOHN YANG: And when you were in
the Obama
administration, there was a lot
of debate
over how much intelligence over
Syria to give
to the Russians.
ANDREW EXUM: Yes, there sure
was.
JOHN YANG: What were the issues?
I mean, we heard Mr. Woolsey say
you have
got to go through a lot of
checkpoints.
What were the considerations you
went through
on that?
ANDREW EXUM: Well, that's
exactly right.
You talk to anybody in the
intelligence community,
and you say, we want to release
some information
to the Russians, first off,
making something
secret releasable to Russia is
almost a contradiction
in terms, because so many of the
sources and
methods that we have developed
over decades
are really to allow us to spy on
the Russians.
It's from the Cold War.
So, there's a lot of worry that,
even in divulge
anything type of information to
the Russians,
even if you don't get into
sources and methods,
they're going to
backwards-engineer how you
got that information, and thus
learn something
about your own capabilities.
So that was a huge concern any
time you start
to discuss sharing information
with the Russians.
JOHN YANG: And, Mr. Woolsey,
there are reports
now that this information came
from Israel.
Is that a particular concern of
giving this
information to Russia, who is
allied with
Iran, who Israel sees as a
mortal threat to
their existence?
JAMES WOOLSEY: Yes, but there's
a major footnote,
I think.
The yes is because of the way
you formed the
question.
Yes, it is a serious matter if
it undercuts
Israel's security at all and if
it disturbs
our relations with them.
But the Israelis, looking at the
shift from
President Obama to President
Trump, would
probably give up a couple of
half-ton trucks
full of classified information
in order to
preserve that switch.
And they are very happy with --
and understandably
so, with the new American
administration.
And although they would have
criticisms, and
if there was something really
sensitive in
this, they would have been very
upset about
it and would have come in and
talked to the
American director of central
intelligence
and explained why they were
really worried
and it ought not to happen
again.
But in terms of quietly seething
and being
really upset and so forth, no,
they're -- I
think they're very pleased at
having a Trump
administration.
JOHN YANG: Mr. Woolsey, General
McMaster said
that he -- that the president
didn't know
where this information came
from.
You're experienced at briefing
presidents,
and also, quite frankly,
briefing this president.
You worked with him in the
campaign.
How much information do you give
a president
about a piece of intelligence?
JAMES WOOLSEY: Well, I think in
a circumstance
in which he has to make a
decision to disclose
it to some government or
individual that would
be a serious potential problem,
such as to
Russia, I think you owe him a
very thorough
understanding, and you ought not
to just send
the paper in as part of a
document.
You ought to have enough
leverage over his
schedule to have the time to
say, Mr. President,
I hope you haven't decided to
turn any of
this loose, but should you be
thinking about
that, the way you were back a
few weeks ago,
here are the problems with
turning anything
loose on this subject and on
this subject
and on this subject.
He deserves a really thorough
scrubbing.
JOHN YANG: Andrew Exum, so, talk
about, what
is the potential threat to
intelligence gathering
in the future?
ANDREW EXUM: Yes.
Well, first off, I think that
Director Woolsey
is probably right in terms of
talking about
the way in which the Israeli
prime minister
views the switch from Obama to
Trump.
I don't necessarily think he's
speaking for
the Israeli defense and
intelligence establishment.
I think, there, there is a lot
of unease,
precisely because, between 2009
and 2017,
we dramatically increased the
amount of military
and intelligence cooperation
with the Israelis.
And I suspect that you are going
to see a
lot of unease within the Israeli
intelligence
and defense establishment.
You're already starting to see
quotes from
Israelis nervous about what has
potentially
transpired.
And, there, I think the worry
going forward
is that, not just with the
Israelis, but with
all of our partners, there's
just going to
be a reluctance to hand over
information to
the Americans, especially if
it's sensitive,
because, frankly, under our
system, any secret
is the president's.
The president -- you know,
things are classified
at his discretion and at his
pleasure.
So, legally, the president can
do exactly
what he potentially did a few
days ago in
terms of releasing information
to the Russians.
I think that that's going to be
problematic,
to say the least, for many of
our partners,
not only in the region, but
elsewhere around
the globe.
JAMES WOOLSEY: I agree with
that.
JOHN YANG: I know we could talk
much more
about this, but I'm afraid we're
out of time.
We have got to leave it there.
Andrew Exum, James Woolsey,
thank you both
for joining us.
JAMES WOOLSEY: Good to be with
you.
JOHN YANG: In the day's other
news: Syria
denied U.S. claims that it's
using a crematorium
to conceal mass executions of
thousands of
prisoners.
The Foreign Ministry called it
categorically
false and said it's a new
Hollywood plot to
justify American intervention.
The State Department accused
Syria of incinerating
the corpses of executed
prisoners to destroy
evidence that could be used in
war crimes
prosecutions.
North Korea has become the prime
suspect in
the global cyber-attack.
A growing number of
cyber-security experts
now say the lines in the
ransomware code are
identical to lines in the code
used by previous
hackers linked to the North.
And, they say, there are other
clues.
ERIC CHIEN, Symantec Researcher:
It's a bit
unclear on what their ultimate
motivation
here is, but it does seem pretty
clear that
this is not the kind of thing a
very professional
cyber-criminal would do.
You know, guys who are involved
in these types
of schemes like to run just
under the radar.
You want to infect as many
machines as possible,
but still be under the radar.
JOHN YANG: The attack has
infected thousands
of computers and servers in
about 150 countries,
but the Department of Homeland
Security says
only a handful were in the
United States.
Back in this country, Senator
John Cornyn
now says he's not interested in
being FBI
director.
The Texas Republican was
interviewed for the
job over the weekend.
Today, in a statement, he said
he'd rather
stay in the Senate.
Yesterday, South Carolina
Congressman Trey
Gowdy withdrew from
consideration.
A new federal study finds that
one in every
five middle and high school
students complained
of being bullied in 2015.
That's despite the fact that the
overall problem
improved over the last decade;
21 percent
of students ages 12 to 18 said
they were bullied
in 2015, and reports of sexual
assaults on
college campuses nearly tripled
between 2001
and 2014, to 6,700.
Advances in reducing the number
of Americans
without health insurance have
stalled.
The Centers for Disease Control
and Prevention
says the number last year was
unchanged at
28.6 million.
That ends five years of coverage
gains under
the Affordable Care Act, or
Obamacare.
And on Wall Street, stocks had a
lackluster
day.
The Dow Jones industrial average
lost two
points to close above 20979.
The Nasdaq rose 20 points, and
the S&P 500
slipped one point.
Still to come on the "NewsHour":
Turkey's
president visits the White House
amid strained
relations between the two
allies; the pushback
against requiring seat belts on
school buses;
and much more.
President Trump welcomed Turkish
President
Recep Tayyip Erdogan to the
White House today,
amid heightened tensions for the
longtime
and now troubled allies.
Chief foreign affairs
correspondent Margaret
Warner begins our coverage.
MARGARET WARNER: Despite
tensions between
Washington and Ankara, it was
best foot forward
from both leaders at the White
House this
afternoon, at least in public.
DONALD TRUMP, President of the
United States:
I look forward to working
together with President
Erdogan on achieving peace and
security in
the Middle East.
RECEP TAYYIP ERDOGAN, Turkish
President (through
translator): President Trump's
recent election
victory has led to the awakening
of a new
set of aspirations and
expectations and hopes
in our region.
MARGARET WARNER: But relations
between the
two NATO allies have
deteriorated sharply.
Former President Obama grew
critical of President
Recep Tayyip Erdogan's
increasingly authoritarian
ways.
President Trump came to office
calling for
improved ties, but tensions
flared again.
The rawest point of contention,
America's
battlefield partnership with the
Syrian Kurdish
militia known as the YPG.
It's the most effective ground
force fighting
ISIS.
Ankara objects, arguing the YPG
is linked
to Turkey's Kurdish terror group
the PKK.
But the U.S. announced last week
it will furnish
the YPG with heavier weapons.
Defense Secretary James Mattis
sought to soften
the blow to Ankara.
JAMES MATTIS, U.S. Secretary of
Defense: We
are very open to discussions
about options,
and we will work together, and
we will work
out any of the concerns.
I am not concerned at all about
the NATO alliance
and the relations between our
nations.
MARGARET WARNER: Today, Mr.
Trump cited the
PKK, alongside ISIS, as a
regional terror
group, but he didn't mention the
YPG.
Erdogan said neither group
deserves a future
in the region.
RECEP TAYYIP ERDOGAN (through
translator):
Taking the YPG and its allies in
the region
into consideration will never be
accepted,
and it is going to be against a
global agreement
that we have reached.
MARGARET WARNER: Last month,
Turkey conducted
cross-border airstrikes against
the YPG, killing
more than 20.
Internally, Washington is
dismayed by Erdogan's
crackdown on domestic dissent,
especially
since last year's abortive coup.
Some 47,000 people have been
arrested, and
another 100,000 fired from
government posts.
Ankara accuses self-exiled
Muslim cleric Fethullah
Gulen of orchestrating the coup
attempt and
is furious that the U.S. hasn't
extradited
him.
All this follows a referendum
last month greatly
expanding Erdogan's powers.
The result sparked widespread
protests.
European monitors criticized it
as below international
standards.
Mr. Trump telephoned Erdogan to
congratulate
him, however, something no other
Western leader
did.
For the "PBS NewsHour," I'm
Margaret Warner.
JOHN YANG: And now Jeffrey Brown
takes it
from there.
JEFFREY BROWN: So, what is
likely to come
of the Trump-Erdogan meeting?
And how serious are the tensions
between the
two allies?
To help us answer those
questions, we turn
to Soner Cagaptay of the
Washington Institute
for Near East Policy.
He is the author of "The New
Sultan: Erdogan
and the Crisis of Modern
Turkey."
And Ali Cinar, president of the
Turkish Heritage
Organization, who's just come
from a meeting
with President Erdogan.
So, let me start with you, Ali
Cinar.
Let's get right to that question
of the main
dispute, the U.S. decision to
arm a Kurdish
militia fighting in Syria.
How much anger did that provoke
in Turkey?
ALI CINAR, President, Turkish
Heritage Organization:
Well, it was -- it was a really
bad perception
from the Turkey side, because,
since the terror
attacks increase in Turkey, the
Turkish people
got upset with United States,
since U.S. support
PYG.
So, the meeting today between
President Trump
and Erdogan mainly focused on
the PYG issue
and extradition of Fethullah
Gulen.
So, there were two important,
major issues
that they discussed noontime.
JEFFREY BROWN: And, Soner
Cagaptay, what did
President Erdogan want from this
meeting?
And do we know what he got?
SONER CAGAPTAY, Director,
Turkish Research
Program, Washington Institute
for Near East
Policy: I think he got half of
what he wanted
already, which was to be invited
to Washington.
He just won a contested
referendum that has
made him executive-style
president.
As I highlight in my latest
book, "The New
Sultan," Turkey is a very
divided country,
largely as a result of Erdogan's
political
trajectory.
Half of the country loves him,
and the other
half hates him.
For the half that loathes him,
they didn't
see the referendum as free and
fair.
And Erdogan was aching to get a
Western leader
to invite him, so he could
affirm his victory
as he saw it.
So, by the mere fact that he was
invited to
the White House, he got more
than half he
wanted.
On top of it, I think, today, he
wanted to
see some concessions regarding
the Kurdish
issue and the U.S. policy on the
Kurdish issue,
and he may have gotten that as
well.
I think that the deal President
Trump offered
to Turkish President Erdogan is
that the United
States will look -- wants Turkey
to look the
other way as Washington arms the
Syrian Kurds
to take Raqqa from ISIS.
In return, Washington is willing
to look the
other way as Turkey fights the
Syrian Kurds'
ally PKK In Iraq and elsewhere
where it has
strongholds.
JEFFREY BROWN: Ali Cinar, do you
see him,
the president, Erdogan, having
gotten anything
out of this meeting, because the
U.S. has
stood by its decision to arm the
Kurds?
ALI CINAR: Right.
I mean, I don't think you will
see in the
short term -- but what President
Trump said,
also, we are going to also let
some Turkish
government use some war -- I
mean, guns to
Turkish government, meaning that
Trump said,
we are going to arm Turkey, too.
It was an interesting statement.
And, also, it seems like United
States is
going to use PYG on the Raqqa
operation, but
for the other ground operations,
there might
be a collaboration between
Turkey and United
States.
So, it's difficult to see right
now, but,
in the long term, you might see
a better cooperation
between the two countries.
JEFFREY BROWN: What about,
staying with you,
Ali Cinar, on the question of
Fethullah Gulen?
There, too, Turkey seems to have
been rebuffed.
ALI CINAR: Yes.
I mean, the problem is, right
now, the U.S.
side says, OK, Turkey needs to
respect our
legal system and process.
But now Erdogan is insisting
that that was
a treaty agreement, extradition
agreement
between Turkey and the United
States signed
in 1979.
And at least Turkey is asking to
detain Fethullah
Gulen, and the U.S. side is not
doing it right
now.
So I don't we will see a
solution on this.
But Turkey continues to insist
on Fethullah
Gulen.
JEFFREY BROWN: Soner Cagaptay,
you mentioned
the human rights issues earlier.
I think that they didn't come
up, at least
publicly.
Did that surprise you?
Should it have come up?
SONER CAGAPTAY: Probably not,
because Turkey
is a large country, and the
Turks don't like
to be lectured, especially by
outsiders.
I think, if it came up, I would
have preferred
that it came out in private
meetings.
This is an important issue.
And it's not about selling
American values.
President Erdogan in Turkey has
won elections
on a platform of economic good
governance,
but also demonizing groups that
do not vote
for him, ranging from leftists
to liberals
to Kurds.
At a result, the very is very
deeply polarized
country, as I write in my book
"The New Sultan."
But, at the same time, this very
deeply polarized
country is now in a state of
crisis, where
half believe that they live in
heaven, and
the other half believe that they
live in hell.
That is not sustainable.
Turkey is a key ally for the
United States
because it borders Iran, Iraq,
Syria, ISIS,
and Russia across the Black Sea.
Whatever U.S. policies are
regarding those
countries or entities, they're
much easier
with Turkey.
But they're easier with Turkey,
which is a
stable country, not a country
which is in
crisis.
Erdogan's trajectory has put
Turkey into a
crisis.
And I think that the human
rights issues are
not about selling American
values.
They're about making sure that
Turkey remains
a stable place.
And the only way for that is, of
course, for
President Erdogan to depolarize
Turkey's landscape,
as well as to become a unifier,
after having
won the referendum.
I wish and hope that that came
up in the conversation.
JEFFREY BROWN: So, Ali Cinar,
finally, to
the extent that today was -- a
big part of
today was about trying to mend
fences in what
has been a very tense time,
where do things
go from here?
ALI CINAR: I mean, they are
going to meet
also in Europe for the NATO
summit, and this
talk will continue for their
next meeting.
But what I see is right now
fighting against
ISIS are the most important
common strategy
for both countries.
And, hopefully, the Turkish army
and the Pentagon
can closely work together, and
then move forward.
Otherwise, it will be a
disaster, if they
don't coordinate in the region,
since Turkey
is still upset on the U.S.
support to PYG.
So, hopefully, the dialogue will
continue
between the two countries.
That's my hope.
JEFFREY BROWN: Ali Cinar, Soner
Cagaptay,
thank you both very much.
SONER CAGAPTAY: Thank you.
ALI CINAR: Thank you.
JOHN YANG: Stay with us.
Coming up on the "NewsHour": a
view from Colorado
-- the state's Democratic
governor weighs
in on the health care battle.
But first: Every day, millions
of parents
put their children on buses for
the trip to
school.
Statistically, buses remain the
safest way
to make that trip.
But fatal accidents do happen.
Just yesterday, an 11-year-old
boy died in
East Texas when the bus he was
riding on collided
with another vehicle and rolled
over.
Special correspondent list Lisa
Stark reports
that a record number of states
are trying
to improve school bus safety,
part of our
weekly series, Making the Grade.
MAN: Get in and put your seat
belts on, guys.
LISA STARK: This is a sight you
rarely see
on a school bus: students
buckling themselves
in.
STUDENT: You feel safer when you
put your
seat belt on.
KRIS HAFEZIZADEH, Transportation
Director,
Austin Independent School
District: The school
bus transportation, we carry the
most precious
cargo, right?
LISA STARK: Kris Hafezizadeh is
the director
of transportation for the
Austin, Texas, school
district.
Five years ago, the district
decided every
new bus it bought would come
with lap shoulder
belts, at an extra $8,000 per
bus, and not
because there had been an
accident.
KRIS HAFEZIZADEH: We thought
that, you know,
we always ask your kids, when
they get inside
the car, to put on their seat
belts.
So, to carry the culture inside
our school
buses, it does add to additional
safety.
LISA STARK: But most school
districts have
decided against adding seat
belts.
In Montgomery County, Maryland,
buses carry
100,000 students a day, and
there has never
been an accident in which a
student rider
died.
Buying new buses with seat belts
would cost
an extra $1 million a year.
Transportation director Todd
Watkins says
it doesn't make fiscal sense.
Is that a tough position to
take, to try to
explain to people?
TODD WATKINS, Transportation
Director, Montgomery
County Public Schools: It is,
because when
you're talking about anything
that is involving
safety, how can you be against
it?
And I'm not against it.
I just don't think it's the best
use of money
right now, because the safety is
at such a
high level in school buses as it
is.
LISA STARK: Twenty-five million
children ride
school buses every day.
Accidents claim around five to
six lives a
year.
Statistics show children are
safer riding
to school in a bus than with a
parent.
MARK ROSEKIND, Former
Administrator, National
Highway Traffic Safety
Administration: Those
big yellow buses are the safest
way for all
of our kids to get to school
every single
day.
The question is, can we make
them safer?
LISA STARK: Mark Rosekind headed
up the National
Highway Traffic Safety
Administration, or
NHTSA, under President Obama.
That agency regulates school
buses.
Rosekind shocked school
officials by advocating
something no other NHTSA
director ever had.
MARK ROSEKIND: Three-point seat
belts should
be the norm on all new school
buses, because
we're talking about trying to
save every life.
LISA STARK: But districts argue
they're getting
a mixed message.
There is no federal law
requiring seat belts
on buses, and NHTSA has
concluded -- quote
-- "that large school buses
without seat belts
do not pose an unreasonable risk
of death
or injury.
We do not find a safety need for
a federal
mandate."
MARK ROSEKIND: You don't need
the government
to tell you to do this.
The technology is available now.
LISA STARK: Whenever there's a
tragedy, such
as the Chattanooga crash last
November, which
killed six children, there is
always an anguished
debate over seat belts.
ALLISON STOOS, Accident Victim:
It's so frustrating
to me every time I see another
accident.
LISA STARK: Allison Stoos still
bears the
scars of her accident over a
decade ago.
She was traveling with her
soccer team in
a small bus chartered by her
Texas high school,
not built to school bus
standards, but also
without seat belts.
ALLISON STOOS: The bus swerved,
and that's
pretty much all I remember.
LISA STARK: The bus rolled over
on its side.
Two teammates died.
Three, including Allison, were
seriously injured.
She was partially ejected, her
arm trapped
under the bus.
Countless surgeries later, she
has limited
use of her left arm.
ALLISON STOOS: The way it's
impacted my life
and all my friends' lives, and
not just the
girls on the bus, but our entire
school was
just turned upside down.
LISA STARK: Do you think, if you
would had
had a seat belt, it would have
made a difference?
ALLISON STOOS: Certainly, in my
injury in
our type of wreck, with a
rollover, I definitely
think it would have made a
difference.
LISA STARK: For decades, school
buses have
been designed to protect riders
through something
called compartmentalization.
The seats are close together.
The backs are high and they're
padded.
This helps keep the student in
the compartment,
if you will, during an accident.
It works well during front and
rear impacts.
This crash test shows how
unbelted students
-- that's these test dummies --
stay in their
seats after a frontal crash.
But, in this test, which
simulates a rollover,
very few of the test dummies
stay put.
Students can also go flying in
violent side-impact
crashes, as shown in this
onboard video.
KRISTIN POLAND, National
Transportation Safety
Board: These severe side-impact
crashes and
high-speed rollover crashes are
very rare
school bus crashes, but, when
they do happen,
we find that the children are
vulnerable.
LISA STARK: Lap-shoulder belts
reduce that
vulnerability, according to
Kristin Poland.
She's with the National
Transportation Safety
Board, which investigates school
bus crashes.
KRISTIN POLAND: In this case, we
had a single
vehicle that left the roadway,
impacted a
pole, impacted several trees.
LISA STARK: This 2014 crash in
Anaheim, California,
injured the driver and nine
students.
No one died.
KRISTIN POLAND: This was the
first crash where
we had a school bus that was
equipped with
lap-shoulder belts in all
seating positions.
LISA STARK: Poland looked at
what might have
been, if two of the more
seriously injured
students were wearing only lap
belts.
KRISTIN POLAND: Here, we have
the occupants
interacting with each other.
LISA STARK: Or no belts at all.
KRISTIN POLAND: In the unbelted
cases, we
have our occupant that was
seated along the
aisle that's come all the way
over and is
now down on the floor.
The lap-shoulder belts are
giving the greatest
protection, because they are
keeping the body
upright, keeping the occupant in
the seating
compartment, keeping the
occupants away from
each other.
LISA STARK: Only seven states
have school
bus seat belt laws on the books,
but Louisiana
and Texas have not approved the
funding and
Arkansas' law is brand-new.
Even advocates will tell you
installing belts
alone isn't enough.
A big challenge is ensuring
students wear
them properly, or at all.
Do you ever ride without it on
the bus?
STUDENT: Sometimes.
LISA STARK: Why is that?
STUDENT: Because I feel like --
sometimes,
I forget to put my seat belt on,
sometimes.
LISA STARK: But Allison says, at
least these
students have an option.
ALLISON STOOS: I didn't have the
choice to
sit there and buckle myself up
to protect
myself.
LISA STARK: Allison, with her
dad and others,
helped get the Texas school bus
seat belt
law passed in 2007.
They're still trying to get it
funded.
Ultimately, money is the biggest
driver.
Education dollars are scarce,
and few districts
believe it pays to have students
buckle up.
For the "PBS NewsHour" and
Education Week,
I'm Lisa Stark in Austin, Texas.
JOHN YANG: While President
Trump's troubles
over issues continue to dominate
the headlines,
the battle over the future of
health care
is still brewing in the
background.
Here again, William Brangham
with that story.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: With the
passage of the
House Republican bill to repeal
and replace
the Affordable Care Act,
President Obama's
signature health care law, the
focus now shifts
to the U.S. Senate.
As part of our ongoing look at
what's at stake
for health care in the U.S., we
are joined
now by Democrat John
Hickenlooper, governor
of Colorado.
Welcome to the "NewsHour."
GOV.
JOHN HICKENLOOPER (D), Colorado:
Nice to be
here.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: So, before we
talk about
health care, can I just get your
reaction
to these latest revelations
about the president
and his dealings with the FBI?
GOV.
JOHN HICKENLOOPER: Sure.
And I -- you know, I think it
shows two things.
And, you know, I got into
politics, I became
mayor of Denver when I was 50.
And I made all kinds of
mistakes, because
being an executive in business
is very different
than an executive in public
life.
So I kept doing dumb things.
But this really kind of shows
how much power
the president of the United
States has.
And, obviously, he can make
decisions to declassify
information and share it as he
wants.
But it has all kinds of
ramifications beyond
what I think he is thinking,
just because
he's never been there before.
You know, I look back at some of
the really
dumb things that I did when I
first became
mayor, and maybe it got on the
front page
of The Denver Post.
But that was -- I could dig
myself out.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: You attribute
this to rookie
mistakes?
GOV.
JOHN HICKENLOOPER: Yes.
Well, I think it's a much
broader landscape.
And I think he's used to being
able to throw
-- really lobby, push his weight
around.
You know, the comments to James
Comey, they're
disconcerting.
There's no question.
But we will see.
I mean, we don't have all the
information
yet.
But it's -- it's amazing, the
whole thing.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: Amazing, it
is.
Let's talk about health care.
You have been a very sharp
critic of the House
GOP's bill that is now before
the Senate.
What's your principal concern
there?
GOV.
JOHN HICKENLOOPER: Well, as
written, that
bill would be, I think, a
disaster for Colorado
and most of the country.
Really, it in no way improves
the health care
system.
It is going to make it harder to
get insurance
for people who lose their
coverage.
And, probably, to finance it the
way the House
wants to, it's going to end up
rolling back,
forcing governors to roll back
coverage on
people with Medicaid.
In Colorado, it will probably
cost us over
-- between $1 billion and $1.5
billion of
additional costs.
It's just a cost shift to the
states.
And what's the real benefit?
We're doing over 10 years a
trillion-dollar
tax cut for the highest earnings
in America,
who the ones I have talked to in
Colorado,
they're not fighting to get this
tax cut.
It's not something they're
seeking.
I'm not sure -- I don't get what
the point
of it is.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: You obviously
know this
is their attempt to undo the
Affordable Care
Act.
What has that law, President
Obama's law,
meant for Colorado thus far?
GOV.
JOHN HICKENLOOPER: So, Obamacare
allowed to
us expand Medicaid coverage.
We got about 400,000 more people
covered in
that avenue, through that
avenue, and about
200,000 people through our
exchange.
We did our own exchange, so much
more coverage,
a lot of that support.
But I'm the first person --
there were problems.
It definitely needs to be
improved.
But you don't throw the baby out
with the
bath water.
And, you know, I look at what
the landscape
looks like, and, again, I don't
think the
Senate will ever pass what came
out of the
House, just because there are
too many both
Democratic governors and
Republican governors
that are saying, you know, we're
not -- we
don't want to roll back
coverage.
We're willing to discuss and
negotiate who
gets how much coverage, and is
the coverage
for Medicaid maybe a little too
rich?
I think all of us agree we have
got to get
our arms around controlling the
incredible
inflation that's gone on in
health care for
the last 30 years, independent
of Obamacare.
But I don't think any of us,
Republican governors,
like John Kasich or Brian
Sandoval, they don't
want to roll back Medicaid
coverage, and then
Democrats like myself.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: So, how do you
see this
going forward?
Obviously, the House bill is
going to be modified
in some way by the Senate, but
let's just
say some version of the
Republicans' ideas
end up coming down to the
states.
What does that mean for you?
GOV.
JOHN HICKENLOOPER: Well, it
would be difficult,
unless there's some change in
how they're
thinking of financing this, and
how much of
that new cost they're going to
put on to states.
You know, block grants, fine,
but if you don't
allow it to have some
flexibility, if you
don't allow it to grow when you
have got disasters
or when there's sudden instances
of medical
inflation, then you're really --
you're kind
of handcuffing the states and
tying them to
a -- to something they can't
possibly pay
for.
That's not healthy.
It makes governors have to pay
-- make terrible
decisions.
I think what the Senate
hopefully will do
-- and I think they might do
this -- is sit
down and talk with some
governors, Republicans
and Democrats.
It shouldn't be a partisan deal.
But governors are the ones who
have to implement
this stuff.
Let's get a group of us to sit
down with a
couple of senators and say, how
do we -- we
all have the same kind of goals.
This shouldn't be partisan.
Right?
Let's all settle down.
How do we control costs and make
sure we don't
roll back coverage?
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: I appreciate
that, the idea
of bipartisanship, but
bipartisanship -- you
have spent a few days this week
in Washington,
D.C. -- it's not high on
anyone's agenda,
it seems.
GOV.
JOHN HICKENLOOPER: Well, there
are a lot of
blockages, and there is a lot of
bitterness.
Right?
I think it's years of attack ads
and, you
know, people -- you know, I was
in the restaurant
business, and we learned early
on that there's
no margin in having enemies.
No matter how unreasonable that
person is,
you don't let them leave angry,
whereas, in
politics, so often, people
define themselves
by their enemies and how mean
they can be
or how sharp can -- how barbed
can their comments
be about that person?
Well, after that election or
after that specific
policy issue, suddenly, you're
supposed to
work together again.
That's not always in human
nature.
So, I think people should spend
a little more
time looking down the road and
saying, at
some point, I'm going to have to
work with
this person again.
Maybe we should be a little more
cordial.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: All right,
Governor John
Hickenlooper of Colorado, thank
you so much.
GOV.
JOHN HICKENLOOPER: No, thank
you.
JOHN YANG: In early 2016, Ammon
Bundy and
his supporters staged an armed
occupation
of a national wildlife preserve
in Oregon.
Tonight, "Frontline" examines
how the Bundy
family's fight against the
government invigorated
armed militias and patriot
groups across the
nation.
"American Patriot: Inside the
Armed Uprising
Against the Federal Government"
includes exclusive
footage shot by FBI agents
posing as documentary
filmmakers.
NARRATOR: We have concealed the
undercover
agents' identities and voices.
AMMON BUNDY, Armed Protester:
This is Ammon
Bundy.
How are you doing?
MAN: Pretty good.
How are you?
AMMON BUNDY: I don't know if you
can tell
there's a little level of
uncomfortable.
And just wanted to make sure
that we're all
on the same page.
MAN: Yes, oh, absolutely.
Quiet on set.
And roll camera.
MAN: Did you think you might
have to take
a life?
MAN: I never did once think I
would have to
take a life.
I was never armed.
I mean...
NARRATOR: In the interviews,
they wanted to
know who planned the standoff
and who was
in charge.
MAN: How would you put yourself
in the family
rank structure?
Because it seems to me that
you're very influential
to your family.
MAN: So, at this circumstance,
or just in
general?
MAN: Well, with this
circumstance,
MAN: My dad was really
skeptical.
He really was.
And I up basically talking my
family into
it.
And so, you know, they went to
our home.
WOMAN: Can you hear me now?
Testing.
MAN: I think about that.
The whole time, my mom's in
there cooking
for them, they're plotting to
destroy our
family.
JOHN YANG: That's "Frontline"
tonight on most
PBS stations.
Updating our top story: The New
York Times
and other outlets report that
President Trump
urged then-FBI Director James
Comey to stop
investigating Michael Flynn
after Flynn was
fired as national security
adviser.
The reports cite Comey's own
notes.
The White House says the story
is not a truthful
or accurate portrayal.
The president fired Comey last
week.
Tonight, senators from both
parties are calling
on him to testify soon.
And that's the "NewsHour" for
tonight.
I'm John Yang.
For all of us at the "PBS
NewsHour," thanks,
and good night.
For all of us at the "PBS
NewsHour," thanks,
and good night.